STATE OF SOUTH CAROLINA

COUNTY OF HORRY

IN THE COURT OF COMMON PLEAS Case No. 2026-CP-26- 04023

LB Park, LLC, Plaintiff, v. The Estate of Sadie L. Rush aka Sadie L. Lee Rush; Heirs-at-Law of Sadie L. Rush aka Sadie L. Lee Rush; unknown Heirs-at-Law or Devisees of Sadie L. Rush aka Sadie L. Lee Rush, Deceased; their Heirs, Personal Representatives, Administrators, Suc- cessors, and Assigns, and all other persons entitled to claim through them; all unknown owners, unknown heirs, or unknown devisees of any deceased person, or by any such desig- nation; Joseph Robert Rush, Jr.; Parks Edward Rush; Robert R. Rush; Conway Hospital, Inc. dba Conway Medical Center; Synchrony Bank; United States of America by and through its agency the Internal Revenue Service; South Carolina Department of Revenue; South Carolina Department of Employment and Workforce; and John Doe and Mary Roe, representing all un- known persons having or claiming to have any right, title, or interest in or to, or lien upon real property known as 201 Long Avenue, Horry County, South Carolina, PIN 339.08.01.0012, their heirs and assigns, and all other persons, firms, or corporations entitled to claim under, by, or through the above-named defendant(s), and all other persons or entities unknown claiming any right, title, interest, estate in, or lien upon real property known as 201 Long Avenue, Horry County, South Carolina, PIN 339.08.01.0012,

Defendants.

NOTICE OF LIS PENDENS Pursuant to S.C. Code Ann. §§ 15-11-10 to -50, Plaintiff hereby gives notice that Plaintiff has commenced an action in this Court against the above-named defendants to quiet tax title to the following described real property: All and singular, that certain lot of land in the City of Conway, Horry County, South Carolina, shown and represented as Lot No. Four (4) of Block Two (2) on a revised map of Sherwood Forest Subdi- vision prepared by J. F. Thomas, R. L. S., dated November 11, 1959, filed December 14, 1960, opposite Page 95 of Plat Book 11, ROD

Office, Horry County, said lot being more particularly described as: Being at the inter- section of the Southern margin of Long Avenue and the Western margin of Lakeland Drive, and fronting on Lakeland Drive for 142.6 feet; extending back along the common boundary line of Lot No. 3 for a distance of 150 feet; thence extending Northwardly along the boundary line of Lot No. 5 a distance of 107 feet to Long Avenue; thence Eastwardly along Long Avenue 155.3 feet to point of curve; thence curve to beginning. This lot is bounded Northwardly by Long Avenue; Eastwardly by Lakeland Drive; Southwardly by Lot No. 3; and Westwardly by a portion of Lot No. 5. This being the identical property conveyed by Snow Hill Company to Sadie L. Rush by deed recorded in the Office of the ROD for Horry County in Deed Book 360 at Page 458. Pursuant to the records in the Office of the Probate Court for Horry County under Case No. 2020ES2600667 the said Sadie L. Rush died testate devising the subject property to Parks Edward Rush and Joseph Robert Rush, Jr.; being the same property conveyed to Lion Tax, LLC SB Municipal Cust % by tax deed dated February 10, 2026, and recorded on March 3, 2026, in Book 5052, page 1678, and by corrective tax deed dated and recorded on March 17, 2026, in Book 5056, page 1674 in the Office of the Register of Deeds for Horry County; and being the same property conveyed to LB Park, LLC by quitclaim deed dated April 29, 2026, and recorded on April 30, 2026, in the Horry County Register of Deeds Office in Book 5073, page 2030. PIN 339.08.01.0012.

SUMMONS YOU ARE HEREBY SUMMONED and required to answer the Complaint herein, a copy of which is herewith served upon you, and to serve a copy of your Answer to the Complaint upon the subscriber at his office, 1201 Main Street, 22nd Floor (29201-3226), Post Office Box 11889, Columbia, South Caro- lina 29211-1889, within thirty (30) days after the service hereof, exclu- sive of the day of such service. Your Answer must be in writing and signed by you or your

attorney and must state your address or the ad- dress of your attorney, if signed by your attorney. If you fail to answer the Complaint within the time aforesaid, judgment by default will be rendered against you for the relief demanded in the Complaint.

Doe and Mary Roe, the same being fictitious names used for the true names of all unknown persons claiming any right, title, estate, inter- est in, or lien upon the real property described in Plaintiff's Complaint and Notice of Lis Pen- dens (collectively, the "Property"), their heirs

NOTICE OF FILING OF and assigns; all other

COMPLAINT

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the Com- plaint in the above-cap- tioned action (Case No. 2026-CP-26-04023) was filed in the Horry County Clerk of Court's Office on May 22, 2026. A copy of the Complaint is available for review and inspection by all interested persons. s/ A. Parker Barnes III; SC Bar 68359; Haynsworth Sinkler Boyd, PA; PO Box 11889; Columbia, SC 29211-1889; 803.779.3080; Attor- neys for Plaintiff.

NOTICE OF ORDER APPOINTING GUARD- IAN AD LITEM NISI PLEASE TAKE NOTICE that there has been filed in the Office of the Clerk of Court for Horry Coun- ty an Order Appointing Kelley Y. Woody, Esq., whose address is P.O. Box 6432, Columbia, South Carolina 29260, as Guardian ad Litem Nisi. This appointment becomes absolute thirty (30) days after the service of the Notice and publication of the Summons herein, un- less you or someone on your behalf shall, before the expiration of the thirty (30) days after the service hereof, procure to be appointed for you a Guardian ad Litem to represent your interests in this action.

ORDER APPOINTING GUARDIAN AD LITEM NISI

This matter comes be- fore the Court on Plain- tiff's Motion to Appoint a Guardian ad Litem Nisi, through which Plaintiff seeks to appoint Kelley Y. Woody, Esq. as Guardian ad Litem Nisi for the Estate of Sadie L. Rush aka Sadie L. Lee Rush; Heirs-at-Law of Sadie L. Rush aka Sadie L. Lee Rush; unknown Heirs-at-Law or Devisees of Sadie L. Rush aka Sadie L. Lee Rush, Deceased; their Heirs, Personal Representatives, Administrators, Suc- cessors, and Assigns, and all other persons entitled to claim through them; all unknown owners, unknown heirs, or unknown devisees of any deceased person, or by any such designation (collectively, the "Estate"); and John

persons, firms, or corpo- rations entitled to claim under, by, or through any of the defendants; and all other persons or entities unknown claiming any right, title, interest, estate in, or lien upon the Property (collectively, the "Un- known Defendants"). It appearing that some or all of the Estate and the Unknown Defendants are or may be residents or non-residents of the State of South Carolina, minors, incompetent, imprisoned, under legal disability, or in the military service, and that the Estate and the Un- known Defendants are unknown to Plaintiff and cannot with reasonable diligence be located or their whereabouts ascertained; It further appearing that Kelley Y. Woody, Esq. is a suitable and competent person to understand and protect all rights and interests of the Estate and the Un- known Defendants, and that Kelley Y. Woody, Esq. has no interest adverse to the interests of the Estate and the Unknown Defendants and is not connected in business with Plaintiff or its counsel; NOW, THEREFORE, IT IS HEREBY OR- DERED, ADJUDGED, and DECREED as follows:

1. Kelley Y. Woody, Esq. is hereby appointed Guardian ad Litem Nisi on behalf of the Estate and the Unknown Defendants, some or all of whom are or may be residents or non-residents of the State of South Carolina, minors, incompetent, imprisoned, under legal disability, or in the military service. 2. Kelley Y. Woody, Esq. is empowered and directed to appear on behalf of and to repre- sent the Estate and the Unknown Defendants, unless any one of them, or someone on behalf of any one of them, shall, within thirty (30) days after service of a copy hereof as directed, pro- cure the appointment of a Guardian ad Litem. s/ Renee N. Elvis, Horry County Clerk of Court.

ORDER FOR SERVICE BY PUBLICATION This matter comes

before the Court on Plaintiff's Motion for an Order for Service by Publication, through which Plaintiff seeks to serve by publication the Estate of Sadie L. Rush aka Sadie L. Lee Rush; Heirs-at-Law of Sadie L. Rush aka Sadie L. Lee Rush; unknown Heirs-at-Law or Devisees of Sadie L. Rush aka Sadie L. Lee Rush, Deceased; their Heirs, Personal Repre- sentatives, Adminis- trators, Successors, and Assigns, and all other persons entitled to claim through them; all unknown owners, unknown heirs, or unknown devisees of any deceased person, or by any such designation (collectively, the "Estate"); and John Doe and Mary Roe, the same being fictitious names used for the true names of all unknown persons claiming any right, title, estate, inter- est in, or lien upon the real property described in Plaintiff's Complaint and Not