PUBLIC NOTICE STATE OF SOUTH CAROLINA COUNTY OF PICKENS IN THE COURT OF COMMON PLEAS

Case No. 2026-CP-39-09950

Redrock Capital, LLC, Plaintiff, v. The Estate of Lorena B. Mc- Sampleton, Heirs-at-Law of Lorena B. McSampleton, unknown Heirs- at-Law or Devisees of Lorena B. McSampleton, Deceased, their Heirs, Personal Representatives, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, and all other persons entitled to claim through them, all unknown owners, unknown heirs, or unknown devisees of any deceased person, or by any such designation; the Estate of Gerald Alvin McSampleton, Heirs-at-Law of Gerald Alvin McSampleton, un- known Heirs-at-Law or Devisees of Gerald Alvin McSampleton, Deceased, their Heirs, Personal Representatives, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, and all other persons entitled to claim through them, all unknown own- ers, unknown heirs, or unknown devisees of any deceased person, or by any such designation; Lena Listest; Bryn Watertest; Paula Ann Andertest; Vera Wimptest; Rena Elstest; Julia Marie John- test; Stefan D. Thomtest; Avril L. Barrtest; Truist Bank as successor by merger to Americal Federal Savings and Loan Association; Prime Acceptance Corp; the City of Easley; and John Doe and Mary Roe, representing all unknown persons having or claiming to have any right, title, or interest in or to, or lien upon real property known as 101 South Sample Street, Pickens County, South Caro- lina, TMS No. 5019-15-63-3697, their heirs and assigns, and all other persons, firms, or corpo- rations entitled to claim under, by, or through the above-named defendant(s), and all other per- sons or entities unknown claim- ing any right, title, interest, es- tate in, or lien upon real property known as 101 South Sample Street, Pickens County, South Carolina, TMS No. 5019-15-63-3697, De- fendants.

NOTICE OF LIS PENDENS

Pursuant to S.C. Code Ann. §§ 15-11-10 to -50, Plaintiff hereby gives notice that Plaintiff has commenced an action in this Court against the above-named defendants to quiet tax title to the following described real prop- erty: All that certain piece, par- cel, or tract of land situate, lying and being in the City of Easley, County of Pickens, State of South Carolina, and lying on the east side of South Sample Street and be- ing more particularly described according to a plat of same pre- pared by Jon C. Smithtest, Surveyor, on November 23, 1979, as fol- lows: BEGINNING at an iron pin at the joint corner of the property herein conveyed and property of DeVore Cantrell, the iron pin be- ing the Northwest corner of the property herein conveyed; thence running along Cantell property line North 71-31-20 East 60.16 feet to an iron pin; thence along Cantrell property line North 82- 15-45 East 53.85 feet to an iron pin; thence along W. A. Mauldin Estate property South 04-56-25 East 15.72 feet to an iron pin; thence continuing along Mauldin Estate property North 84-49-05 East 27.47 feet to an iron pin; thence continuing with Mauldin Estate Property South 08-15 West 25.94 feet to an iron pin; thence along T. J. Austin property line South 60-13-30 West 110.42 feet to an iron pin on the East Side of South Sample Street; thence along South Sample Street North 30-25-50 West 78.15 feet to the BEGINNING corner. DERIVATION: This being the same property con- veyed to Lorena B. McSampleton by deed from Wade W. Weltest, as Executor of the Estate of Wil H. Weltest, dated November 11, 1983, and recorded in Deed Book 14-H at Page 599 in the Office of the Register of Deeds for Pickens County, South Carolina. This also being the same property that Lorena B. McSampleton conveyed an undivided one-half interest to Gerald Alvin McSampleton by deed March 11, 2003, and re- corded March 14, 2003 in Deed Book 725 at Page 325 in the Of- fice of the Register of Deeds for Pickens County, South Carolina; and being the same property conveyed to Redrock Capital, LLC by tax deed dated December 29, 2025, and recorded on January 12, 2026, in the Pickens County Register of Deeds Office in Book 2909, page 9. TMS No. 5019-15- 63-3697.

SUMMONS

YOU ARE HEREBY SUM- MONED and required to answer the Complaint herein, a copy of which is herewith served upon you, and to serve a copy of your Answer to the Complaint upon the subscriber at his office, 1201 Main Street, 22nd Floor (29201-

3226), Post Office Box 11889, Columbia, South Carolina 29211- 1889, within thirty (30) days af- ter the service hereof, exclusive of the day of such service. Your Answer must be in writing and signed by you or your attorney and must state your address or the address of your attorney, if signed by your attorney. If you fail to answer the Complaint within the time aforesaid, judg- ment by default will be rendered against you for the relief demand- ed in the Complaint.

NOTICE OF FILING OF COM-

PLAINT

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the Complaint in the above- captioned action (Case No. 2026- CP-39-09950) was filed in the Pickens County Clerk of Court's Office on March 2, 2026. A copy of the Complaint is available for review and inspection by all in- terested persons. s/ A. Parker Barnes III; SC Bar 68359; Hayn- sworth Sinkler Boyd, PA; PO Box 11889; Columbia, SC 29211- 1889; 803.555.0589; Attorneys for Plaintiff.

NOTICE OF ORDER APPOINTING GUARDIAN AD LITEM NISI

PLEASE TAKE NOTICE that there has been filed in the Office of the Clerk of Court for Pickens County an Order Appointing Kel- ley Y. Woodtest, Esq., whose address is P.O. Box 6432 (29260), Colum- bia, South Carolina, as Guardian ad Litem Nisi for the Estate of Lorena B. McSampleton, Heirs-at- Law of Lorena B. McSampleton, unknown Heirs-at-Law or Devi- sees of Lorena B. McSampleton, Deceased, their Heirs, Personal Representatives, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, and all other persons entitled to claim through them, all unknown own- ers, unknown heirs, or unknown devisees of any deceased person, or by any such designation; the Estate of Gerald Alvin McCrack- en, Heirs-at-Law of Gerald Alvin McSampleton, unknown Heirs-at- Law or Devisees of Gerald Al- vin McSampleton, Deceased, their Heirs, Personal Representatives, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, and all other persons entitled to claim through them, all unknown owners, unknown heirs, or unknown devisees of any deceased person, or by any such designation; and John Doe and Mary Roe, the same being fictitious names used for the true names of all unknown persons claiming any right, title, estate, interest in, or lien upon the real property described in Plaintiff's Complaint and Notice of Lis Pen- dens (the "Property"), their heirs and assigns; all other persons, firms, or corporations entitled to claim under, by, or through any of the defendants; and all other persons or entities unknown claiming any right, title, interest, estate in, or lien upon the Prop- erty. This appointment becomes absolute thirty (30) days after the service of the Notice and publi- Ication of the Summons herein, unless you or someone on your behalf shall, before the expira- tion of the thirty (30) days after the service hereof, procure to be appointed for you a Guardian ad Litem to represent your interests in this action.

ORDER APPOINTING GUARDIAN AD LITEM NISI

This matter comes before the Court on Plaintiff's Motion to Appoint a Guardian ad Litem Nisi, through which Plaintiff seeks to appoint Kelley Y. Woodtest, Esq. as Guardian ad Litem Nisi for the Estate of Lorena B. McSampleton, Heirs-at-Law of Lorena B. Mc- Sampleton, unknown Heirs-at-Law or Devisees of Lorena B. Mc- Sampleton, Deceased, their Heirs, Personal Representatives, Ad- ministrators, Successors, and Assigns, and all other persons entitled to claim through them, all unknown owners, unknown heirs, or unknown devisees of any deceased person, or by any such designation; the Estate of Gerald Alvin McSampleton, Heirs-at-Law of Gerald Alvin McSampleton, un- known Heirs-at-Law or Devisees of Gerald Alvin McSampleton, Deceased, their Heirs, Personal Representatives, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, and all other persons entitled to claim through them, all unknown own- ers, unknown heirs, or unknown devisees of any deceased person, or by any such designation (col- lectively, the "Estates"); and John Doe and Mary Roe, the same being fictitious names used for the true names of all unknown persons claiming any right, title, estate, interest in, or lien upon the real property described in Plaintiff's Complaint and Notice of Lis Pendens (the "Property"), their heirs and assigns; all other persons, firms, or corporations entitled to claim under, by, or through any of the defendants; and all other persons or entities

unknown claiming any right, title, interest, estate in, or lien upon the Property (collectively, the "Unknown Defendants"). It ap-

pearing that some or all of the Estates and the Unknown De- fendants are or may be residents or non-residents of the State of South Carolina, minors, incompe- tent, imprisoned, under legal dis- ability, or in the military service, and